I need to better map out my system for work and productivity as skill improvement and
look at researching what those skills are, like what the actual aspects of skills of
being able to fucking focus on something are, and pass that, implement it into a daily journaling
type system that allows me to iterate and improve on things.
Impact music video idea job he's working and the thing where the bills rack up is the
call center job for whatever that other music video idea that he had was.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu class this week, or today, I guess.
Details on the triangle, drive the heels down towards the mat, the detail that I learned
overall notes for the triangle are heels down, drive the hips up, pull the head down, squeeze
the knees together.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu teaching, break down everything into a one, two, three step for the beginners
and then follow it up by adding detail.
Music video, get phone footage to turn into that home footage stuff of banks and other
security looking places so that we can imply the robbery setup and also be able to tie
that home movie looking footage in with the studio footage at the end.
Questions to ask photographer, payment, setup, deposit, etc.
Turn around timeline, how contracts work, engagement stuff, recommended timing on how
long she needs to be there, anything else we need to get her information wise and turn
in terms of planning, venue, etc.
Planning my next jiu-jitsu class, I want to have six minutes up front, three minutes each
partner, one person drills something, then they switch, potentially give them feedback
or potentially have them ask their partners to give feedback.
Have this be with the theme of whatever I'm teaching that day, so if it's guard passing,
have them do some sort of guard pass that they know and then we'll just go deeper.
Maybe have them revisit it at the end, who knows.
Ideas for music video, make bills, referencing people he's worked with, jug, producer, etc.
Podcast season two, I think it's time to do another season, or I guess season three,
I think it's time to do another season when I find myself thinking about people I want
to interview, questions I want to ask, etc.
Not sure if I drop this one all at once this time.
People to talk to, my grandmother, Adnan, Sadiq, maybe talk to Philip again if we do
another music video, maybe try and talk to Impact again.
Rick Rubin quote, we are on a distant metaphysical journey from the here to the now.
The fuck does that even mean?
Pieces or building blocks of a video production or music video piece, broad from the foundational
pieces down to the finer details, performing shots, story shots, b-roll, embellishments, etc.
Elegrating feedback cycle, don't actually go through step by step on the items that
were requested on the round of feedback.
They're going to anticipate the changes and just be checking off boxes and not actually
focused on whether or not it made a better product.
On the time lapse for the Impact music video, have things get more and more cluttered and
more and more things in front of the camera lens as the time lapse goes on.
Generally, just having his apartment get more and more cluttered.
